README.md, before:

# ForgeRock Identity Cloud Configuration

This repository contains scripts and configuration for Companies House ForgeRock Identity Cloud instance. All scripts are used as part of the CI/CD pipeline but can also be ran locally.

## Running Locally

### Pre-Requisites

The following need to be installed/configured for local use:

- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- [ForgeRock Identity Cloud User](https://backstage.forgerock.com/docs/idcloud/latest/paas/tenant/postman-collection.html#preparing_your_identity_cloud)
- [ForgeRock Identity Cloud Admin OAuth Client](https://backstage.forgerock.com/docs/idcloud/latest/paas/tenant/postman-collection.html#running_the_prerequisite_steps)

### Environment Variables

| Name     | Description                                        | Default Value | Required           |
| -------- | -------------------------------------------------- | ------------- | ------------------ |
| FIDC_URL | ForgeRock Identity Cloud URL.                      | N/A           | :white_check_mark: |
| PHASE    | Phase number (0-4). Controls which config is used. | 0             |                    |

### Install Dependencies

`npm install`

## Scripts

All scripts can also be ran locally with the correct arguments and environment variables.

### Update Managed Objects

Calls the Identity Management endpoint to get update Managed Objects. The configuration is store in JSON files in the `config/managed-objects` directory.

**This command will update all Managed Objects and delete any not present in the directory.**

**Help Message:**
`update-managed-objects -h`

### Update Auth Trees

Calls the Access Management endpoint to get update Authentication Trees. The configuration is store in JSON files in the `config/auth-trees` directory.

**This command will update all Managed Objects and delete any not present in the directory.**

**Help Message:**
`update-auth-trees -h`

Commit message:

added AM scripts creation logic (scripts + config)

README.md, after:

# ForgeRock Identity Cloud Configuration

This repository contains scripts and configuration for Companies House ForgeRock Identity Cloud instance. All scripts are used as part of the CI/CD pipeline but can also be ran locally.

## Running Locally

### Pre-Requisites

The following need to be installed/configured for local use:

- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- [ForgeRock Identity Cloud User](https://backstage.forgerock.com/docs/idcloud/latest/paas/tenant/postman-collection.html#preparing_your_identity_cloud)
- [ForgeRock Identity Cloud Admin OAuth Client](https://backstage.forgerock.com/docs/idcloud/latest/paas/tenant/postman-collection.html#running_the_prerequisite_steps)

### Environment Variables

| Name     | Description                                        | Default Value | Required           |
| -------- | -------------------------------------------------- | ------------- | ------------------ |
| FIDC_URL | ForgeRock Identity Cloud URL.                      | N/A           | :white_check_mark: |
| PHASE    | Phase number (0-4). Controls which config is used. | 0             |                    |

### Install Dependencies

`npm install`

## Scripts

All scripts can also be ran locally with the correct arguments and environment variables.

### Update Managed Objects

Calls the Identity Management endpoint to update Managed Objects. The configuration is stored in JSON files in the `config/managed-objects` directory.

**This command will update all Managed Objects and delete any not present in the directory.**

**Help Message:**
`update-managed-objects -h`

### Update Auth Trees

Calls the Access Management endpoint to update Authentication Trees. The configuration is stored in JSON files in the `config/auth-trees` directory.

**Help Message:**
`update-auth-trees -h`

### Update AM Scripts

Calls the Access Management endpoint to update AM Scripts. The configuration is stored in JSON files in the `config/am-scripts` directory.

**Help Message:**
`update-scripts -h`
